i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
yeah when i get bored i play gone with the wind my favorite movie .
hey there , i just finished winning a singing competition . how are you ?
a professional paid grandmother ? do you want me to make you a rocking chair ?
what kind of party ?
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
yeah i watch them all the time i think i have seen the godfather over 10 times
sick sick what do you do for a living
two weeks . just until the remodel is complete .
my wife and i had our first dance to an elvis song .
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
back then i used the same fake name i now use when i write novels .
its the company that sells pesticides and seeds .
let us pray shall we
one thing i am deathly afraid of is heights ! the thought of going splat on the pavement
i spend too much time playing computer games and on facebook to workout
we are nine . you can check it out . its about time for my meditation and yoga .
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
that is hilarious . smokey the bear set the fire in california ?
hmm , you been drinking some funny green tea ? i love that studd
yes ! i just hope they do not serve spaghetti . i hate spaghetti !
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
i run a lab on the dark side of the moon
it was fun . never went in the winter tho .
that would be a handful . i unwind with halo 3 . how do you have fun ?
i speak french and spanish i want to teach my kids
it was hard . i lost my upper right limb in a vehicle accident after college
i would say kansas . i imagine journeying to find the wizard of oz there
i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?
officer bob here . good . i am relaxing from a long day being an officer of the law .
i like taking photos , but mostly i end up taking them of my 3 great danes .
i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?
hello frank , how are you tonight ?
its the company that sells pesticides and seeds .
jealous of putin face ? ha ha ha no my family buy tights in bulk . . all ballet
agreed . maybe we could meet up next time we are both in the area
i cant sleep cuz i am scared
meaning i feel sympathy because i got hit by a car one time and i was injured
no . it is a literal all black lens for regular digital cameras .
well . people are often disgusting , so don t worry about it .
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
damn , it seems like they are not coming lol would you like a bus card ?
i am very educated in the law . he was neither morally nor legally in the right !
yea . i bet he is . how old is he
i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?
do u ever do it in mexico ?
i like that song too . my roommate hates when i sing but she is my best friend
well , these boots were not made for caring less , friend ! what do you care about ?
enjoying my pretentious hipster life . watching the voice and planning my next vacation .
when i am a museum curator i will have my paintings in a museum .
what do you do for fun . i stay home most time unless i am playing ultimate .
the cave dwelling , car driving , guy named fred from a cartoon .
you are from greece ! ! ! i am greek too . i was born here but raised in greece for 7 years .
we are nine . you can check it out . its about time for my meditation and yoga .
oh wow ! where is the wedding going to be ?
i am great , i just had my usual breakfast of eggs and bacon
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
i like spring . the flowers in the park near me are so beautiful .
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
an environmental engineer in portland main , in a van by the river
what do you drive ? i have a honda civic . what kind of band ?
no phone calls do not work , text messages are more efficient .
that is where they went on vacation . pencils ? pencilvania ? get it ?
well i am delightful today brian ! i am planning a hike
i mean she should your her mom right ?
oh , definitely . not only am i a bass player , but i also have a massive cd collection .
good lesson . i see evil a lot on 911 calls i respond to .
car accident in a new car a friend gifted me . other driver dui .
omg yes please i would love to hear a secret
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
she is an ex singer from the early 2000s , mostly does pop songs and the like
i love pop , r b , oldies , pretty much everything but country , what about you ?
restaurant or sporting goods store . i am a grill cook and saving for my own kitchen
her name is molly and she loves kids . what are your nephews names
stephen spielberg , my mom is a makeup artist i sometimes wonder if it makes me shallow .
i have looked into hybrids before . are you active on social media ?
i know . i won tickets to rome and he would not go , and i cannot go alone
like anything . i love to build things
i have gone to dungeons and dragons tournaments in canada . do you have a hobby ?
i just said it i love spicy food asian food will be my top choice and you ?
salt lake city where my girlfriend lives and i am based as a pilot .
let be friends i have none in the u . s . hope to make some in summer camp .
i am self employed . i drink about four mountain dew a day .
lets see who will win the race i am challenging you that is why i said that
comedians cant get gigs at college campuses now . everybody gets offended
let me tell you , i had casinos , many many casinos , very huge ! ! !
i certainly wo not ! i do data entry its a tad boring . yours sounds exciting .
i go to church every sunday . i love god
flying ? you mean airplanes ? you can end up in the news like me
are you talking a wedding soon ? i want to go to bride fest next week
i currently live in la . the punkrock scene is amazing here
hmmm . pasta is good for breakfast . you like pasta ?
i perform in local musicals and dramas in a theater nearby .
hey there , i am good . my iq is 250 , not too shabby !
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
hmm . . . so you did not go to an ivy league school ? or even west point ?
you two can still cuddle while they are awake , unless cuddling turns into something else
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
that is not good , i play football in the nfl for the eagles !
why ? i do not do much for work but i enjoy swimming . do not like real estate ?
it must be an adrenaline rush , running into a burning building .
maybe we have the same women calling too !
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
my best friend is a bear , bear do not have friends , that is why they are my favourite
i like winter but i am more into summer
fresh air and amazing architecture . what do you do for work ?
we are nine . you can check it out . its about time for my meditation and yoga .
she is an ex singer from the early 2000s , mostly does pop songs and the like
yeah , a bad car wreck . i lost my legs , so i am super short now .
i drive a big truck with lifted wheels , what do you drive ?
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
meaning i feel sympathy because i got hit by a car one time and i was injured
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
i wish i could forget about this damn fibromyalgia . i dread the coming winter . .
besides , i must obey my parents , they treasure moral values and still married
do you write for fun or income ? writing always sounded enjoyable to me .
well the dreams i have scare me hope you sleep well
i speak only english , and a little spanish
one day i will go to space and be considered an astronaut
that is cool . besides doing sports , i like to view asterix , french comics
i see . i create videos for discovery channel . you ?
my son and his football team are playing on nbc . i will have a commerical after
you have a son ? whats his name ?
meaning i feel sympathy because i got hit by a car one time and i was injured
okay , i suppose . a little mad because i lost a game of cards .
rainy cold and feels like winter is breathing down the hills
i believe in something , but god does come first in all our lives
your heart must be stong then do you work out
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
huh ? i love vampire movie music with pizza . you ?
bummed . there are no good waves today . i wanted to surf .
fun ! i was able to catch up on homework . i am back in school , ugh .
yes ! ! i only 4 pills a day keeping me alive so i live to the fullest
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
baseball , japanese cartoon and skittle , all i think about
hello . i am great . just finished my daily yoga and meditation . you ?
wow . i cannot image having to share my vegan oatmeal with 4 siblings lol
okay ! but can you hike appalachian trail , i mean the
only child . besides swimming i watch alot of the voice .
i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
i garden and am involved with the police wives charity .
i am cool 6 feet tall genius will love bright purple hair
playing a pickup football game later . might walk my dog at some point .
i live near large bodies of water , it can get scary but good for catch
baseball , japanese cartoon and skittle , all i think about
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great !
never heard of it . i will have to find that on you tube . i like alternative music
what kind of furniture ? i need a new chair . i broke mine since i am overweight .
good for you ! i go to bed late because is fight for the rights too
pittsburgh now i lived in va on a farm my whole life
yes , but this card is only paying 20 cents on the barrel , my kids need to eat !
i wish i was from alaska , 6 months of darkness . how about you ?
i am going to invite him over to look at clouds . optimistic
i can understand that . i spend most of my days sleeping !
its the company that sells pesticides and seeds .
ultra sound tech . do you work also ? i do at the hospital .
hmmm . pasta is good for breakfast . you like pasta ?
have you heard of mary jane fashions ? my mother created that .
i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
another strange response . . . i don t mind loosing
they live in the same town as i teach middle school in , chicago .
i guess she is ok , she is listening to books on tape .
yeah when i get bored i play gone with the wind my favorite movie .
i suffer from diabetes so kids could be rough on that front .
yep its the best dish in the world . so tasty and healthy
i doubt i will get it that is for the iphone x i will just get an 8s probably .
well , you are welcome ! i like talking to funny people .
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
i am rather small , but i have a big heart and a soft spot for 80s music
i like to read the unusual murders wikipedia page
i drive my dream car every day i am home . a 65 mustang .
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
in middle school , i try to inspire the teens with all types of art
i am glad . my mom worked at a small hospital in the pnw . she loved it
yeah . i amma cashier now . but , i have an audition next week , i will def be an actress
hi ! thank you . i live here in the white mountains of vermont . how about you ?
hello ! just finished a painting . . . creating art is my outlet . and you ?
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
i am a 29 year old man . and my love for the sweets and the godfather !
no , he is still alive and preaching in the church . he just does not like chocolate anymore .
ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy ;
the cave dwelling , car driving , guy named fred from a cartoon .
in the oris army , i am in charge of many men
oh , braces . you must have beautiful teeth . my son needs braces
i enjoy running marathons and watching weird foreign films on netflix . do you have hobbies ?
i would say kansas . i imagine journeying to find the wizard of oz there
its in memphis , tn . my classroom has 26 students , its a lot of 5 6 year olds . .
what does it look like the future is holding for you ?
are you broke l o l ?
a big ole truck ! no other way to ride . and you ?
right now , busy being a famous video game character online .
she is a pit bull . she loves sushi just like me lol
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg
i am 50 and i coach girls volleyball . we are young !
yes , they are in idaho , the secret home of the rock gophers .
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
yes . a wife 1 kid . wife wants me to go work on our dying vw passat soon !
