i have blue eyes and blonde hair
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time
waiting in line drives me nuts .
people make fun of me because i am less than five feet tall .
when i was little i wanted to be an architect , but wedding planning is so much better
only when it is cold out . practically the whole thing is metal now .
ha , i do not , but you can tell from the footprints in the butter .
i love museums , so maybe somewhere with them
awesome ! i just saw dunkirk in theatres , though a little depressing
that is so funny . i think i heard a similar story at a bike shop before .
shannon and the clams white rabbit . released 5 years ago .
nice , health is important to me and why i decided to eat vegan .
definitely not , i hate interacting with people . i like running and watching netflix . you ?
nah more into cars , i drive older card most ppl do not want
lets just say i like ice cream more .
probably not . busy day . picking up my pepe le peu purse from repair shop
i agree in principle , but i find the actual task frightening .
larp ing on the beach is the best chasing dorks everywhere
work at dads appliance store he wants me to take over . . or run .
the animals and wide open space . i live in a small apartment now .
yes . our wedding was low key , as well . we even had our dog present .
when we are done surfing lets go to a rummage sale .
ciao ! thinking about heading to yoga class today , what about you ?
well my favorites were the harry potter series
i have absolutely no energy ! i stay home with the kids . but i am a serious cleaner
yes ! hard boiled eggs are yummy . you like eggs ?
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
no but i like to collect pens . do you collect anything ?
i am a champion tree cutter , though i hate to brag . you must be good with numbers .
i like the summer too since that is when we play the most bingo .
i see . do like to garden at all ? i plant my favorites , a garden of all roses .
i am all about metal . . . love van haven . who do you listen to ?
got to get away from my husband i live in florida . celebration florida come meet me
party planning is my paying gig . i can plan you a party for your birthday .
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great !
oh i was not certain you meant at the same time . haha !
that is unfortunate they sell healing cream in the grocery store i manage
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
we we are walking after the dance and i tripped and fell in a pile of steel nails
i do , as long as those games do not involve food . i have so many allergies
you might be right . my mom lifted weights . i am naught compared to her
i know someone and she grow plants , she does it in her garden
i just fill paper clips and pencils . my real passion is baseball .
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
somewhere sunny to help with my issues . trying to break out of my shell
i have a short temper and you are on my last nerve
neither is my son . he walks into walls haha .
its the steak . do you have a favorite crystal ? and i do not mean the drink .
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg
well . . . i am proud . . . shut up . you are cute , but you stink like meat
lines for what ? are you an actor ?
do you write books ?
i love fresh vegetables and fruits . do you have a garden ?
sick sick , my mothers a teacher which is sick
i have to remember to make an appt . with the nail salon to cut my long nails
i love magic mike because i love singing and playing video games .
bad eye sight ? i love the color purple some say it is my favorite
yes it is i like the fact that it left a couple of seasons and came back
she is 34 years old now
garden and eat vegetables . action packed country life . quit school
i am . my work allows for extensive world travels . i am lucky .
i have a huge appetite , a hard job . i cut down trees , eat pancakes and
possibly . . . maybe if we could find dragon eggs to sell .
the kitchen maids are getting the boot and my kids are not getting a dime .
i may this weekend after talking about it . i am getting hungry for greek food
ahahah ! me neither . i have got a close relationship with a friend , but have not told my parents .
oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder
i am good . how are you ?
nice talking to you as well !
interesting , never heard of it . i wish i was a 7 i wear a 14
no that is a betting factor that is used . i teach people how to race horses .
no blonde hair , actually no hair at all .
he does not work anymore he is very sick
usually the local farmers market is a great place to find locally sourced veggies and other foods !
come over . i live in mount pleasant . its a small city .
hello congratulations on your scholarship . i am working on my stamp collection .
doing good , just got in from baseball practice . i play you see
truck driver buddy , i told you ! open your ears ! but what do you say ?
if you would like to check it out . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
i want to open an old fashion grocery and feed store .
i am good , how are you ?
you sound like my son , he wants to be a pilot but was born blind .
that is good . you did not fall from a high place did you ? heights scare me .
on a trip to california once my friend and i started a small forest fire . . .
people gamble away in my casinos . sometimes my casinos go bankrupt but i bounce back .
sounds relaxing ! he he he . do you like fishing or any other hobbies ?
no sure about fishing but i do scuba diving
soccer players do not wear helmets right ? so i thought if you were goalie that might hurt .
i am all about metal . . . love van haven . who do you listen to ?
they live in the same town as i teach middle school in , chicago .
i had to get glasses recently due to some retina problems
me too . i love the color purple ? do you know cher from clueless ?
would love to visit alaska , i have read several books about alaska ! i have some family there
yes . after losing a diamond ring she gave me i am surprised she did though .
women are too much trouble yeah . i work for charity so no extra time
comics is at the top of the list in interest
she is an ex singer from the early 2000s , mostly does pop songs and the like
no phone calls do not work , text messages are more efficient .
pool is fun to play
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
yes . after losing a diamond ring she gave me i am surprised she did though .
love the mc hammer reference , what is really cool is cooking , i can teach you .
i work helping my grandparents pizza shop after i dropped out of college
i am into online gaming and computer science
howdy ! i am doing swell ! just got back from fishing . you ?
freckles are not ugly ! why do you think that ?
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
got to get away from my husband i live in florida . celebration florida come meet me
yeah i watch them all the time i think i have seen the godfather over 10 times
i have bad arthritis in my hands , they were causing me real pain
i love margaritas on the rocks . but any liquor will do the trick
i am too poor for a bed , i have only hand me down furniture
well its social sciences but i minor in eating pizza any
just got in from my garden . i was seeing if my carrots are ready to harvest .
speaking of which , winter is totally my favorite season ! i love the cold weather haha
i am just fine , and you like tennis , i used to be a champion downhill skier
i have to work i recently proposed to my gf . we have been together 3 years
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
sitting on the sofa while my pug , grizzly adams keep my toes warm .
oh , yes horse as a hobby is expensive . my boots cost a small fortune .
too bad . will you like my videos ? friends abroad show case their edged weapons .
oh . . . what are they saying ? if they are telling you to travel take me to ireland !
i know . being a woman too sometimes i am a little selfish . any hobbies ?
two men . ones name rick . the others name morty . you have cable ?
i am studying fashion design right now . so glad red is hot for the season .
it is fun . talking about how fat they are or stupid they act .
too bad . will you like my videos ? friends abroad show case their edged weapons .
hi jane , i am sarah ! i have never been to chicago , i am from florida .
going fine . . how bt urs ?
maybe . can you sing and dance ? that would help
omg yes please i would love to hear a secret
you should its not huge i am a nanny so maybe 200 people
she is a pit bull . she loves sushi just like me lol
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
yum i used to work in a box factory we had a lot of pizza boxes
love watching halloween movies in october . love halloween so .
party planning is my paying gig . i can plan you a party for your birthday .
we are in the same boat then . i like to read the news , do you ?
i am all about metal . . . love van haven . who do you listen to ?
that is cool . besides doing sports , i like to view asterix , french comics
howdy i am arnold i am only 10
at a medical office answering phones , filing paperwork . you ?
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg
what kind of furniture ? i need a new chair . i broke mine since i am overweight .
niagra falls and i will be in a bikini the whole time
mine too man . i am 17 thousand dollars short of my favorite hotrod .
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
playing a pickup football game later . might walk my dog at some point .
i take dance with my boyfriend and we both tip over my huge feet
i am driving my ford taurus to the dealership soon . needs an oil change .
it actually feels good to quit . hows the weather where you live ?
also , i am involved in the gun club !
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
wow . i cannot image having to share my vegan oatmeal with 4 siblings lol
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time
new york or the suits . depends on the store or the neighborhood but generally yes
and i will make you my daily special pancakes with syrup !
my mom is a nurse so she keeps me on target .
cool ! i listen to audiobooks and speak one asian language . you like sushi ? i do .
what else do you trust ? do you trust lawyers ?
not really . that wedding was several seasons ago . do not worry !
my brother learned ballet from my mother who was a famous ballerina
i have always like purple things . what color do you like ?
i might quit my job and will be a justin bieber roadie !
i garden and am involved with the police wives charity .
same . just trying to earn a extra dollars !
so don t worry about being a woman with thinning hair . at least you can wear heels
oh you are a writer ? that is cool i wanted to write a story of my mom
i better head off to bed now . gotta wake up early tomorrow !
i am in debt too . i am a stand up comedian and its real hard to find work
i meant anything rare , yeah i was on the news for catching the biggest fish in florida
you were not my next door neighbor in new hampshire were you ?
on a trip to california once my friend and i started a small forest fire . . .
i am somewhere in the middle , not a total skeptic yet .
no blonde hair , actually no hair at all .
that is cool . besides doing sports , i like to view asterix , french comics
i am a cajun chef born and raised on the bayou , fits my circumstances
pro bridge player , impressive , rank ?
no problem . life is about helping each other . you have made my evening less lonely
no but i like to collect pens . do you collect anything ?
i do not have any nephews or nieces , but i met an awesome girl last month .
yeah i would hate for a tree to fall on me or anybody
love the mc hammer reference , what is really cool is cooking , i can teach you .
people make fun of me because i am less than five feet tall .
i wish i could forget about this damn fibromyalgia . i dread the coming winter . .
she mostly took notes from his meetings .
that does not count , it is really sad , but jimmy fallon cheers me up every night
you know whats dope ? i have driven a car ! my friend told me to turn .
well i am slightly over 3 4 of a century , at 77 , how about you ?
i was a hollywood actor who perform in blockbuster films loll
you must face it often . i respect you service members .
the club bouncer was teasing me about my spiky hair last night . what do you study ?
mostly , though i briefly thought about being a literature major .
because my blue and orange hair explains it all .
twin 9 year olds ! they love justin bieber and have convinced me to favor him also haha
i may this weekend after talking about it . i am getting hungry for greek food
never heard of it . i will have to find that on you tube . i like alternative music
