is it raining there ? it is quite sunny here
harvey the storm ? or ur bf ?
that does not sound like an easy way to make money . new tech makes home working easier .
the kitchen maids are getting the boot and my kids are not getting a dime .
okay , i suppose . a little mad because i lost a game of cards .
i love movies . my favorite movie of all time is grease .
i believe in something , but god does come first in all our lives
i do like to walk run . . i would rather do that than drive !
never seen a bear in an african documentary but i guess there is a first for everything
he deserved it . can you believe he raised my rent to 5000 a month ?
oh i am not a big fan of card games
it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat
thank you . there is a taco bell down our rural road .
so i love drinking tea . are you a tea or coffee person ?
i am sorry to hear that . i could help , i paint pictures .
ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy ;
i am a gemini , have a pet cat name scratches i love summer . you ?
probably a piece of cheesecake . i just love cheesecake , you ?
i like the summer too since that is when we play the most bingo .
i love sushi and chinese food . you ?
i am starting as a teacher on monday ! not has exciting , but very rewarding !
yes i agree with you we have the worse but people keep moving here
i am very educated in the law . he was neither morally nor legally in the right !
in new zealand . someday my photographs will be in an adam levin video .
i was a passenger in a car with a drunk driver . i lost most of my friends .
i am sorry you got divorced . do you have any kids ?
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
wow . my 7 year old identical quintuplets are nowhere near as smart
of course , it is really fun to use my voice to bring characters to life .
make your garden grow , its dedicated to helping children in impoverished areas !
stephen spielberg , my mom is a makeup artist i sometimes wonder if it makes me shallow .
really ? me too . i prefer the cold . fall is my favorite season .
good point . i come from kentucky but live in new york now . hobbies ?
oh of course , traffic get bad where you are ?
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
i can pretty much bake anything but won first place for my chocolate cake .
ll ! i just made a cake for my bothers wedding , he is my twin !
okay . i was thinking of coloring my brown hair blue . my favorite color .
if you need help cleaning up after let me know ! i love cleaning !
i have a huge appetite , a hard job . i cut down trees , eat pancakes and
i do not work . maybe i will sign up for the army to be with my brother .
oh wow , haha . right into it , eh ? i love my life goals . i feel good about them .
i am talking about this website and yes my sister has a pet
well that is a good thing . drugs are no good .
its amazing on my end . brand new shoes ! i have been showing everyone
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
no my husband brings home the bacon , he is a engineer
tom and jerry , huh ? that was my favorite cartoon duo as a kid .
oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder
enjoying a anime japanese movies , mononoke
i go to the movies . emma stone is my favorite actress she has redhead like me .
what are you studying at school ?
just basic intro math . flunked the tests to get passed it
i was watching tv . do you like science fiction shows ?
i guess i make them feel uncomfortable . i am wheel chair shawty
no i am retired . i have to put my glasses on to see this chat better .
its amazing on my end . brand new shoes ! i have been showing everyone
because of the lack of religion , or because of the basis of wicca ?
why did you just lose your job
yeah i watch them all the time i think i have seen the godfather over 10 times
i am an english teacher , but i want to be a writer one day . do you like stories ?
probably a pony cuz i love my lil pony
your welcome , i drank happy juice this morning with my happy meal
i do not work . maybe i will sign up for the army to be with my brother .
yes that is why food trucks are cool easy to park
i better head off to bed now . gotta wake up early tomorrow !
i have tried . i even worry about my neighbors . they get loud at night
i love the band system of a down ! i am in a cover band that plays locally .
super special 0 i like to do the fancy dancing , or as the french say , ballet !
what else do you trust ? do you trust lawyers ?
you are talking to the second year quarterback for the philadelphia eagles
love to swim and ski
i just float in the river an think of old times . please be safe
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
thanks me and my 2 golden retrievers enjoy kale and hummus
that is great , do you sell boots ? i love wearing cowboy boots .
grabbed a sandwich quickly . was too worried about the glasses being broken
yuck . i just ate a nice meal . my ex had to smoke after every meal
yes ! hard boiled eggs are yummy . you like eggs ?
my 3rd exwife had 4 of them all teens . they never accepted me as their dad .
my favorite fruit is apple because when i was little my 3 older siblings loved apples .
enjoying a anime japanese movies , mononoke
it could be like a self paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
pizza wings and cheese bread
its an etsy store , if you look up stunning crochet . partnered with my mother
i heard coffee stunts your growth , get an espresso machine .
yes when iam on the road at work layover we eat mashed potatoes for dinner .
an italian restaurant my dad owns . he was a cop , but now he is a restaurant owner
what kind of a club
i did not watch the fight . i knew he was going to win .
i am excited except i cannot take my prized possession
that is sad . i would love to be able to do fancy writing , like cursive
i have tried . i even worry about my neighbors . they get loud at night
i could not vote because i was fixing up my toyota .
hehe do you like fashion ? i have a degree in fashion design .
yuck . i just ate a nice meal . my ex had to smoke after every meal
chop chop , i am a secretary at the insurance agency i work at
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
the shed . we had some leaks , and broken trees . half the town got torn apart .
yeah . i read and write . i have also started drawing again . also started a diet
new york or the suits . depends on the store or the neighborhood but generally yes
soccer players do not wear helmets right ? so i thought if you were goalie that might hurt .
my parents who came to the usa from europe love making sandwiches .
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
it should be for lions was my point . i hope you are not a bills fan
it takes my mind off of sad things like death . do you have any fears ?
a yellow toyota camry convertible .
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat
i wonder if i go to school with him ? is he part of the nutrition club ?
wow ! i am on the third floor of an apartment building too !
yes , he is a good author . i suggest reading a walk in the woods
omg i love the dollar tree ! it is my jam
i enjoy a new show called living with martin . but i am biased cuz i am in it
lets see who will win the race i am challenging you that is why i said that
oh , yes horse as a hobby is expensive . my boots cost a small fortune .
i understand . do you prefer to swim in the ocean or a swimming pool ?
yea . i bet he is . how old is he
hmm i have a large swimming pool filled with gold coins i like to bury myself in .
i do not really worry about my looks , i am an artist .
of course . awesome music ! dyed my hair pink while rocking out to them .
i can pretty much bake anything but won first place for my chocolate cake .
nice talking with you bye bye
so i love drinking tea . are you a tea or coffee person ?
what are you looking for in a date ?
i doubt i will get it that is for the iphone x i will just get an 8s probably .
what kind of pain ? being social is not my cup of tea
awesome . what kind of medicine do you do ? always looking for bio related careers .
i appreciate it . gila is a good lizard . what do you like to do ?
www , i am sorry . i missed my cats . when i came back , my 4 turned into 23 !
oh yes i have seen crabs and jelly fish and all kind of fish out there
huge pay . i am the most important person on the team
speaking of fun and games . i wanta corvette once i retire . i am a mall cop .
i live on a small island near pygmies . they have the best food !
my favorite color is green and whats yours
because of the lack of religion , or because of the basis of wicca ?
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
its ok i have his name tattoo on my arm i have 3
yellow ! i wear yellow daisies in my short hair .
do you drink soda , my favorite is mt . dew i drink 4 bottles a day
well , former truck driver , like my dad , but now i just fix them
cats make me sneeze something terrible . but some people just love them .
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
it does ! a reader encouraged me to follow my dreams .
i am very educated in the law . he was neither morally nor legally in the right !
i figure it might make me more secure . i tend to be unsure .
bad eye sight ? i love the color purple some say it is my favorite
naw but i really want to be a pot bellied pig
what kind of party ?
yes everybody shares them with news stations here and becomes florida famous .
that is cool . why did you have it changed ? my name is aaron .
that is cool i love the steelers and seahawks
i want to drink tho i love meeting women at the bar
no . i have one sister . she sings first grade songs . you live at home ?
i am six feet tall . i cannot imagine squeezing into a desk all day like you do .
i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
i guess its tough to keep count at some point . lol
you are right . nothing wrong with excelling at math and science
at this joint called the frog zone grill . its pretty chill . what about you ?
not much interesting . . a normal guy who love to ski
that is unfortunate they sell healing cream in the grocery store i manage
no . i have one sister . she sings first grade songs . you live at home ?
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
i wanna play outside with mr . zoom zoom . come on !
i just like a lot of junk food i will eat salad and tuna though .
did you catch that ufc fight last week so sad my boy connor mcgregger did not win though .
she also likes karate , she is why i got a brown belt !
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
my father bought me a yellow piano before he passed .
mexican and chinese are best prepared when the guests arrive , not sitting around .
ll i always had my nose in books graduated valedictorian so you can find someone
learning . a second spent not learning is a second wasted . i love the internet .
an orange tabby cat . she is got short hair
she is afraid of looking fat due to the pregnancy . anorexia , ya know ?
cool ! i am a banker on wall street . what would you like to do for work someday ?
it could be like a self paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
my son and his football team are playing on nbc . i will have a commerical after
i guess i make them feel uncomfortable . i am wheel chair shawty
yeah . i read and write . i have also started drawing again . also started a diet
a cta card used to ride the bus so you can go places lol
i mostly like single player rpgs on my xbox
aw , just wait for grand babies
on the side i also create new things to add to my shop
yeah . they want me to switch my major from business administration to teaching .
most likely my hair , because i need to redo my roots blonde again
i have a dog named bella and a cat named sookie .
you need to trust the almighty , he will always protect you .
you are bottle ? my little brother has a bottle mom puts his milk in it .
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
computer engineering , i want to have my own company for it some day .
i am a nurse , i might deliver your baby , where do you live ?
books ! specifically fantasy genre . harry potter and the like .
chilly and rainy , not like the ocean i just came home from
cool what do you have in your garden ?
computer programmer . then my dad went to prison , and i got depressed and could not focus .
yeah , he sells cars and takes me fishing . do you fish ?
thank you . there is a taco bell down our rural road .
i love going thristing . do you ever hunt out vintage stuff at goodwill ?
