yea , a good bit . i live in grand rapids , michigan .
i meant our dog just died that s why i am sad
i think she meant it metaphorically . but it was awkward .
i am worried that my short stature will make me look weak .
yeah . they want me to switch my major from business administration to teaching .
yes it pays 70 k yearly and i get to spend time with my wife and child
do you have diabetes and were not supposed to eat donuts ?
i think so . he is a very nice dog .
i just celebrated the 24th anniversary of my 29th birthday .
fact ! ca not let judging people get you down !
i teach us history . my kids do not have to write papers .
black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?
i am from california originally , but now i live in chicago .
i am too poor for a bed , i have only hand me down furniture
it opened up another part of my brain it is great therapy
my husband and i visited there in the early nineties . we were mugged and he was stabbed .
yes but i work all the time . it paid off got promoted at my law firm
what are your videos about ? ever make a spooky halloween video ?
i appreciate it . gila is a good lizard . what do you like to do ?
it is about these guys that make outrageous fish tanks
i have to go now . thanks for chatting . bye !
i love fruit like apples and oranges but apples are the best
i have tried yoga but , it shows off all the ink stains on my shirt
ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy ;
i cut down at least 100 trees between fishing trips !
no i am still in school i am sorry you got divorced
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time
do your dogs like sports ? i love soccer but my cats wo not play .
yes , i agree . been looking forward to the weekend all week .
folk songs , i currently hold a black belt in karate . what do you like to draw ?
ok , that is interesting . what do you smoke ?
i am not very fond of the cold but i do love the crisp air of fall
wow ! you make propellers ? it work is fun sometimes . i run for exercise .
i am in sales as a newspaper salesman . there are limited jobs in the country .
do you have a bus phobia ?
of course . wall street pays well . you ?
i am young , blonde hair , blue eyes . pony tails .
mostly pop music how about you
when i bathe in the shower , i scrub so hard my skin turns beet red .
it is . we both graduated last week , and bought a house near her folks .
it could be like a self paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
hi jane , i am sarah ! i have never been to chicago , i am from florida .
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
hopefully there is no meat on those trucks .
i like that smell too
well , if your in high school train hard you could just get drafted into a college .
can i skydive and land on your farm ?
shoot . i smoke when i play badminton . it helps me focus .
i am well about to make a breakfast egg baked dish .
do you fly for a living ?
in the tenth grade we take biology
i do not know how to swim
that is too bad . i would be worried sick if my fluffy pants got sick .
i have been twice . i spent 20 the first time and 10 the second
all good , kinda overrated . i am 21 and broke with a tiny apartment
hopefully there is no meat on those trucks .
lol , i live by lake winnemuckchatah so when the kids visit its pretty much like camping
nah more into cars , i drive older card most ppl do not want
i sold my car , so i just bicycle everywhere
i have written several romance novels under a different name . . . .
so very sad . helicopter accident . do you have any loved one in rimas path ?
probably a piece of cheesecake . i just love cheesecake , you ?
it could be like a self paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
season with salt pepper lemon and butter ; grill each side 5m , serve on roll
rarely . i spend more time online shopping for products to enhance my appearance .
yes , i do like ice cream . sometimes i make my own ice cream at home .
aww yes i do he keeps me content with life
me too but now i am more familiar with hospitals and doctors than sports
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject .
i ust cant seem to stop
on the computer drinking whiskey looking at tv
sick sick , my mothers a teacher which is sick
noise canceling headphones were the answer when i was growing up
i have a flower arrangement that would go well with the ice cream
other than chatting , thinking of going to see a movie . i like doing that .
lucky you . we sell key lime pie at my store but it does not compare
my favorite soda is dr . pepper , what about you
the only thing i am afraid of is falling out of the chair at the nail salon .
i am well about to make a breakfast egg baked dish .
i did at first but had to move home to finish up school . saving money .
that is odd for an engineer , my mothers profession was nursing
it pays nicely but for now a large part goes towards my student loans .
that is exciting ! my wife would not like me driving a motorcycle , it would scare the kids .
my films make others happy too and i love seeing people smile .
thank you . there is a taco bell down our rural road .
it was not for anything bad , it was for national ice cream day .
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
i live near large bodies of water , it can get scary but good for catch
tell me about that . my day job is low level pr hack , national guard on some weekends .
yes ! i secretly love it probably as much as shopping . i love buying things i want .
hi i am good . i collect toys that are specifically wearing rain coats .
cool . i really like singing , but cannot act . . . will never be a triple threat lol
yea kinda , i am very limited on my options because i have two cats , milo an rio .
forever l . o . l . i need to drink soda all the time .
she mostly took notes from his meetings .
i believe in something , but god does come first in all our lives
oh okay i also drink green tea that helps also
it varies . just research purity beforehand . i use them daily .
with the way the world is now that is understandable . i like to party
i do not really drink any more but i use to drink jack
oh that is hard . probably metal . but i also love viking metal . haha
yes my brother has a lead foot and his lawyer is very busy
yeah , i only visit him once a year . where are you from , france possibly ?
i love the outdoors , its why i cut my hair short . feel the breeze
laughing out loud now , it is a secret . my dof allie will get mad at me .
cool , i have a book review blog called the bookworm .
burger king , i wear purple all the time .
he is pretty affordable . not sure of exact cost
i hate hot dogs . they all taste bad to me .
your welcome , i drank happy juice this morning with my happy meal
i m good i m going to going to my private school high school later
yes i am a crazy vegetarian that listens to hip hop while on break
learning . a second spent not learning is a second wasted . i love the internet .
i like grilling outside american , mexican and german food . germany is my birth country .
probably a piece of cheesecake . i just love cheesecake , you ?
who cares i ami am bored by my maids and they don t make good cheesecake .
yes mountain bike or motorcycle i just love it
lol sleep is wonderful ! i like making my voice heard .
ha ! i have been around for 70 years now and never learned another language
let me tell you , i had casinos , many many casinos , very huge ! ! !
yes . do you drive a car ?
that sucks . i would love to go on a date , i crave attention
yes , there are crazy people everywhere . they will touch you .
they creep me out ever since i learned we sometimes eat them in our sleep
yes ! i secretly love it probably as much as shopping . i love buying things i want .
i am on the computer from time to time .
a jazz bar . i love those tunes . i am the bartender , only on weekends though .
race cars . i am developing a car that will run off mac and cheese though .
i does not pay very well
good , how about you ? my name is mary , i live in colorado .
oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder
i love pink , is that your favorite color ?
yes , i am married to my soulmate . she and i have been married 27 years . you ?
well , i speak three languages french english and spanish , so anything really
i like designing matchstick houses .
oooh pink is a good color , blue is too !
most likely my hair , because i need to redo my roots blonde again
nothing much . just practicing playing my guitar . you ?
i relate . i prefer to be alone . me and my thoughts .
that would be a relief , for sure . need some sanity back in the system .
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
i applied for gifted with calden . he got in and i did not .
no flying short old guy the top shelf is off limits to me
ll . aside from your bank account , how are you today ?
there are a lot of healthy recipe boks out there that could be helpful .
i am very wealthy . i live on a private island and go diving alot
you could ride your moped to the ice cream store .
i like to hang out with my grandmother who do you hang out with
yes ! i just hope they do not serve spaghetti . i hate spaghetti !
o dang what type of track do you do ?
nice , my parents bought me a camcorder . i make short films
i am from california originally , but now i live in chicago .
child to test if i was afraid of big bird
i agree . flying is more fun . i need to be moving at all times .
not much hung out with my kids and listened to the rolling stones
she always complain i do not treat her well . . . you married ?
my commute to work is over an hour 1 way , so i am used to sitting still .
sorry to hear . could not imagine not caring for my wife and kids .
i live near large bodies of water , it can get scary but good for catch
i ride around in a van which is not as exciting as a truck .
black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?
i am only five years older than you , do you play soccer ? i do .
i could never drive a truck . too long sitting in traffic !
that is not good , i play football in the nfl for the eagles !
do you have any deep regrets ? i started a forest fire in cali as a teen
yes , that is true , i rule . i will take over the world someday , believe that .
i have my honda civic
i am a nurse at a hospital . i like helping others .
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
i saved an infant from a burning car while going to a basketball game .
potatoes . they kept the irish alive 400 years . its the only thing that grows here
flying ? you mean airplanes ? you can end up in the news like me
i wonder how miami u is holding up i am an alumni there
i am five foot ten inches tall
a cta card used to ride the bus so you can go places lol
the way people bolt out i fear getting side swiped
i am safe but times like these always make me miss my mother .
oh okay i also drink green tea that helps also
oh i am not a big fan of card games
if you would send me some , i could afford to have my brown hair dyed !
yes . absolutely . my girlfriend helps me scavenge cool art things i think i need to marry her .
i have learned to appreciate whats on the inside . moms cancer taught me that
my profession is a doctor , i have a huge house , boating is my activity
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
no , because i only eat meats .
that is a lot of weight . i spend my spare time writing novels .
i will check them out on youtube . thanks for the tip . good luck with the phone .
oh , its going to be great . we will probably have some drinks somewhere .
science is interesting . i was raised by my gma , a science teacher !
i agree . flying is more fun . i need to be moving at all times .
lol u should be sleeping if the kids keep you up all night
i have a bird named manny . did you know cinderella was true story ?
that sounds relaxing , do you grow flowers or food ?
we med in med school . i guess it is kind of funny .
i guess when i am in trouble , i can call them . ll ! !
nice ! what kind of books do you read ? my high school does not have much options
we can take my car , even though i am sure its just as fast as my motorcycle
